docs: update release instructions to fetch tags (#487)
hyperledger-labs/splice-wallet-kernel: docs/RELEASES.md

This repository is a monorepo of independently versioned Javascript packages. We use Conventional Commits to track changes to individual packages over time. When it comes time to publish updates to NPM, a maintainer runs through the following process from the repo root:

1. Checkout `main` and `git pull` to be up-to-date
2. Run `git fetch --tags --force` to fetch the latest tags locally

> 3. Create a new branch to hold the version bump commit: `git checkout -b release/<branch>` (can be any branch name)
> 4. Push the branch to the remote: `git push --set-upstream origin release/<branch>`

Reviewer: since we're always using unix timestamps anyway, lets just change to for easier copy-pasta...

```suggestion
3. Create a new branch to hold the version bump commit: `git checkout -b release/$(date +%s)`
4. Push the branch to the remote: `git push --set-upstream origin <branch from prior step>`
```
